My ultimate goal for this project was to create a program that would help you budget and show where your expenses would go. I wanted to create an app that would have the user sign in, much like an atm, to see all of their stats. It would start by having you sign in, and then looking at your budget to see how you can spend your money in that allotment. It would also allow users to input purchases, as well as create categories and how much money they budget into each category.

This project was interesting to me for many reasons. Being financially responsible has always been important to me. Along with that, I am getting married in about a month, so budgeting has been on my mind a lot. I have been taught that finances are a major cause for divorce, so hopefully this will give an insight into how we should spend our money. Also, this could be a useful app to develop in the future when I am more mature in my coding skills. I think an app like this would help everyone.

I attempted to do everything that I set out to do, but found that time wasn't on my side for that. I completed a sign in screen and a way for a user to create an account that I'm pretty proud of. I also attempted to read from files and write to files based on the user, which also worked well. I created a list of tuples including a category, how much you wanted to spend in that category, and how much you have already spent on that category. The user could add to that list anytime. It also added up allotment totals for the budget and spending totals, so the user could see if they were staying within those boundaries they set.

The biggest thing that I learned from this project was how important it is to organize your code to make it easy to read. Many times I felt lost and didn't know where to look when I wanted to make changes. I definitely could have done a better job of this. I also learned more about tuples and how they work. I've never been confident with them, and I still don't feel that I am, but I am definitely more comfortable with them. I had to deal with scope a lot in this project and became more familiar with it and how to use it in my favor. It was frustrating at times when I would forget, but I learned how to fix it pretty quick.